Add vendor RBLN (#1)
rebel-ysseo/serve: docs/hardware_support/rbln_support.md

<font size="6" style="font-weight: bold;"> ⚠️ Notice: Limited Maintenance </font>

This project is no longer actively maintained. While existing releases remain available, there are no planned updates, bug fixes, new features, or security patches. Users should be aware that vulnerabilities may not be addressed.

# Rebellions Support

> The RBLN (Rebellions) NPU can be properly utilized with TorchServe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RBLN (Rebellions) NPUs are fully compatible with TorchServe. Rebellions provides documentation and tutorials to help you easily get started using the RBLN NPU with TorchServe.
```

> The RBLN (Rebellions) NPU can be properly utilized with TorchServe.
> 
> Rebellions has prepared documentation and tutorial examples to help you easily get started using the RBLN NPU with TorchServe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RBLN (Rebellions) NPUs are fully compatible with TorchServe. Rebellions provides documentation and tutorials to help you easily get started using the RBLN NPU with TorchServe.
```

- [Rebellions TorchServe supports document](https://docs.rbln.ai/software/model_serving/torchserve/torchserve.html)

> ## Support matrix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support Matrix
```

> To utilize the RBLN NPU, please refer to the `Support Matrix` below:
> - [Support Matrix](https://docs.rbln.ai/supports/version_matrix.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on supported features and compatibility of the RBLN NPU, see the `Support Matrix` below:
- [Support Matrix](https://docs.rbln.ai/supports/version_matrix.html)
```

## Installation
Please refer to the Installation Guide in the Rebellions documentation for instructions on installing the Driver and RBLN SDK.
- [Installation Guide](https://docs.rbln.ai/getting_started/installation_guide.html)

> ## TorchServe with RBLN NPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TorchServe with RBLN NPUs
```

To start properly, please refer to the Rebellions' TorchServe Tutorials.

Tutorials are available for various models including `Image Classification (ResNet50)`, `Object Detection (YOLOv8)`, and `LLM (Llama3-8B)`.

- [Tutorial - ResNet50](https://docs.rbln.ai/software/model_serving/torchserve/tutorial/resnet50.html)
- [Tutorial - YOLOv8](https://docs.rbln.ai/software/model_serving/torchserve/tutorial/yolov8.html)
- [Tutorial - Llama3-8B](https://docs.rbln.ai/software/model_serving/torchserve/tutorial/llama3-8B.html)

## Docker

Please refer to the `Docker Support` documentation.

- [Docker Support](https://docs.rbln.ai/software/system_management/docker.html)

> ## Multi devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Multi Devices
```
